hey what's up guys today i am going to
recap the story of movie the mummy part
1.
the early time of 3000 bc is shown at
the start of the film
where the country egypt is shown which
king was
pharaoh he was in love with a girl but
that girl used to like his priest
instead of him
who was mighty he could revive the dead
people
now this priest goes to meet that girl
who was the beloved of
pharaoh they are talking with each other
then pharaoh also reaches here he
becomes infuriated when he notices both
together
he proceeds to end them but they both
kill that
pharaoh that girl says to that priest
before they do wrong with you
you may escape from here and i will
commit suicide
and you can revive the dead people so
revive me again
after it this girl commits suicide
priest is taken away by pharaoh
men but priests men steal the dead body
of that girl
now priest begins to perform a ritual on
her to revive her
but pharaoh's men again appear there who
captures that priest
they think that they will ordeal the
priest so no one may commit such a
mistake
they make the priest mummy without
taking his life
when they bandage his whole body then
they leave the dangerous insects in his
coffin
which were going to victimize his whole
body within a few moments
then his coffin is locked using a very
specific key
and it is told that it will come as a
curse if someone unlocks this coffin
it means they will start the turbulence
everywhere if the priest's soul is freed
and the priest's coffin is buried in
depth under a great sculpture
no one could unlock it in the same way
time continued to pass
many years passed the whole city was
subsiding and that sculpture which was
at the great height at a time
it had also lowered down it was such
land of the conflict for many people
many wars used to break out to get
domination on this land
but no one knew that there is priests
mummy below this land
but he has still been mighty today under
this ground for many hundred years
it is being turning into a unit and the
satanic power
now a french soldier appears here while
running
and some people are after him but that
soldier reaches near the sculpture while
walking
it was the same area where that priest's
mummy was buried
his pursuers begin to escape in fear and
some changes appear as he goes
its mound starts coming outside that
french soldier name is
rick he is also confused witnessing it
then that sand begins to form a face and
he also leaves his being upset
three years later a girl arrives on the
scene
who is egyptologist she was such a girl
who was searching for
egypt and she was also learning their
language
now she had started to understand these
things to a great extent her name was
evelyn one day evelyn's brothers comes
to her
he hands her over a thing telling i have
found it while digging
he knew that his sister is fond of
viewing such things
evelyn starts to discover that thing
little bit
and it is opened actually this was the
key of the same coffin
in which that priest had been buried for
many years
there is also a map under this grand key
which belonged to that same area
and evelyn is excited to see it and she
goes to the chief librarian
where she used to serve as her job she
shows them that map
and she asks can you guide me but her
chief librarian says to her
no it is not out of danger to visit
there
because no one comes back if someone
visits there at once
he says to her to stop otherwise it is a
fictional area
no place exists as such evelyn says to
him
it may also be rumor that a man returns
dead who goes there
i request to let me go there then
evelyn's brother comes there
evelyn asks him speak truthfully from
where you get this key
then he tells that i have stolen it from
a man who was french soldier and is now
imprisoned
they both leave to meet that man named
rick in the prison
they begin to ask him about that place
but rick
says to them i will help you on a
condition
it is this i am going to be sentenced to
death today
if you rescue me from this trial then i
will lead you to that place
evelyn says to his executioner i will
pay you
we will get that money after searching a
treasure
and only rick has knowledge of it so
that executioner lets
rick free now they three move to that
place
they notice while sailing that all
people are going there in search of the
treasure
evelyn says to rick there is also a
buried book there
it has the spells of magic written
inside the book
then it is seen these people reach that
place
going there evelyn shows them that
sculpture
and she tells that it is half buried now
they all lead to the underground
at that place where this half sculpture
was buried
there is a profound darkness evelyn
moves a glass up there
the sunlight begins to reflect in other
glasses as it falls on this
as a result that place is lightened
there is also the executioner of
rick except evelyn her brother and rick
and he had been stopped he notices many
adjusted precious stones at a place
a stone is broken among them as he
touches one stone
and an insect comes from it which goes
into his body
he feels bitter pain and crashes his
head on a wall
consequently he meets his end it was the
scaring act
now they sit near the fire at night at
the same time
they notice another team who had arrived
there in search of the treasure
they are deciding sitting there that we
will distribute the found searched
treasure
meantime some people attacked them and
those were not others but the guards of
pharaoh who are guarding this place
there is a captain of that team who says
to all
i am giving you one more day after this
you may leave from here forever
because i don't want that priest's soul
may be freed by anyone
and it may bring devastation throughout
the world
next day both teams begin to search for
the treasure
ignoring him the other team finds a box
of treasure
it was appearing as if there may be gold
or the jewels in it but the fact was not
this
there is a written warning statement out
of that box
it will be his curse if someone revives
the dead person
which will also impact him he says that
the opener of this box
that priest's soul will end him
afterwards
it will come into this world after
sucking the blood
but they all say that there is not fact
in this story
it does not happen as such and they
unlock that box along with it
there is a book in it it was the same
book that
which was being read to revive that girl
by that priest
there was a place like a keyway where
the key may be inserted which
evelyn had they are sitting there that a
coffin falls on them from upward
there is also the same keyway on the
coffin when they notice the coffin
where that key may be inserted they
unlock that coffin
the smoke arises from it and there is
also the black and rotten dead body of
that priest
evelyn says i never ever saw such a dead
body
evelyn brings that book to rick when
everyone is sleeping at night
she tells him it is not that book which
i want
it is quite possible that this may be
the book of black art or enchantment
she starts to unlock it with her
possessed key
there are some written spells be revived
which has been died
priest lying mummy revives as she utters
this
and many types of the insects attack
them avoiding them
evelyn separated from others the mummy
of priest goes to that man who had
unlocked the box in spite of the warning
it fixes the eyes in its socket pulling
out from his sockets
now it heads to evelyn rick fires his
gun for many times
when he is coming outside from there
then they encounter some guards of
pharaoh they say we have warned you to
leave this place
you all have unlocked the mummy's coffin
so face it now
because it is going to kill everyone
rick
says to evelyn that we may lead from
here
but evelyn says we have revived that
mummy and we will end it
now it is seen that the condition of
whole city begins to face a transition
it starts raining fire in the sky and
everything begins to come to meet its
end
mummy moves to the same man whose eyes
had been pulled out by it
then it also possesses his skin sucking
his blood
they all go to that place together where
that mummy is present
rick fires his gun for many times but
firing is not affecting it
it was not getting any harm from the
firing then a cat appears there
that mummy is scared seeing it how
strange was this
and those people are not getting this
point that what actually happened
rick goes to those men who were the
guards of pharaoh
who used to shield that place he asks
them why was it scaring from the cat
they tell that cats also shield this
place along with us
and that priest considers these cats
will assault it
so he scares but he will stop fearing
from these cats after being mighty at
once
they understand that priests mummy will
breathe the sigh of relief after ending
them
the people who unlocked that box and one
man had already been killed among four
by it
evelyn tells the guards of that place
that do you know
what the priest mummy called me when it
looked at me for the first time
it called me with the same name who was
the beloved of pharaoh
with whom this priest had a relationship
the guards of that place say to her
it is pitiable the first step that it
had taken after its revival
it was this he wanted to bring its
beloved into the world
for this it will sacrifice you so it was
calling you with that name
but it will end three people before you
but one man runs away from those three
men
and he had that book of black art which
priest needed to revive its beloved
rick goes after that man with the sum of
his partners
but he discovers that priest's mummy is
already there
and it had got the book while killing
him priest mummy directly moves to the
other man
it also kills him now the condition of
priest's face and body was better than
before
it means that it was not looking a dead
body or mummy from any side
he moves into the room of evelyn
transforming itself into the sand
it sits beside her it is thinking to
wake her up
then rick approaches there breaking the
door
he is holding a cat because he knew this
priest is scared from the cats
rick rescues evelyn and he says to her
the way which was chosen to bring it
into this world
in the same way it may be resent through
that book which you are yearning
but from where will that book find
during this time
evelyn comes to know after investigating
much
as that great book which was under the
sculpture near the dead body of the
priest
and the golden book which she is wanting
is actually buried under another
sculpture
which is at the opposite direction of
this place
they notice that all people have become
the slaves of that priest as they begin
to move there
because they knew that it has come back
and it will victimize them on the
refusal of its command
now priest moves ahead to evelyn and it
says to her
hold my hand everything will be okay
and evelyn has to do the same she
catches its hand
it had told elisa it takes evelyn with
him
and it commands all rest of the people
should be killed
but rick and his partner come out to do
something in some way
rescuing its life saying it we will have
to search out that another sculpture
so we may revive it after searching the
book on the other side
priest sends some mummies to rick after
reviving them
so they stop him to search for that book
anyhow
rick discovers that book at last he gets
that
book on the opposite side it is seen
that priest had brought his beloved into
the world
he had also put life into her mummy
which was moving now
but he had to sacrifice evelyn to get
his beloved body recovered
it means he wanted to penetrate the soul
into that girl
taking it from evelyn's body but
evelyn's brother reaches there with
golden book before it takes any action
but the issue was this that the required
key had been taken from
evelyn by the priest there the number of
mummies begin to appear
then evelyn says to her brother read out
the written enchantment on that book
so we may defeat them rick fights with
all of them means mummy's army
and he makes evelyn free exactly from
the backside
his beloved's mother mummy reaches there
it starts attacking
evelyn contrarily that army of mummy is
after
rick but evelyn's brother does also not
stop to read out those spells of magic
at last that army of mummy begins to
carry out his words while stopping
evelyn's brother commands the mother's
mummy
kill the beloved of priest and that army
begins to do it as such
that priest is flown into rages and it
holds the neck of evelyn's brother
going there but rick attacks that priest
coming from the backside meanwhile
evelyn's brother also snatches the key
from that priest
on the other side evelyn's brother moves
to his sister
taking that book and the key and they
both open the book
now priest is proceeding to rick to kill
him
suddenly evelyn begins to read out some
spells of magic from that book
then some unseen animals appear which
possess the potency
they cross the body of the priest and
take all power of priest with them
now priest was a common man rick kills
it with his sword
the doors of that place begin to close
as the priest dies
somehow evelyn her brother and rick run
outside from there the whole city is
dashed into the dust as they come
outside
in the end it is seen that the camels
are loaded with treasure on which they
are riding
it indicates that they had brought much
treasure with them
the guards of pharaoh gratify them that
we were exhausted while shielding this
place
and the movie completes on this scene
thanks for your time
like comment and subscribe don't forget
to hit the bell icon